SECURITY.md, before:

# Security

We take security of this project seriously. If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in this repository, please report it to us as described below.

## Reporting Security Issues

Please do not report security vulnerabilities through GitHub issues.

Instead, report them to the project maintainers using [contact@palmdevs.me](mailto:contact@palmdevs.me).
You should receive a response within 48 hours. If for some reason you do not, please follow up via email to ensure we received your original message.

Please include the information listed below (as much as you can provide) to help us understand the issue:

- Type of issue (e.g. signature collision, private information in public key, etc.)
- Impact of the issue (e.g. how an attacker might exploit the vulnerability)
- The location of the vulnerable source code
- Step-by-step instructions to reproduce the issue
- Environment details (e.g. device, OS, JS runtime, etc.)
- Proof-of-concept (if possible)

## Policy

We use [GitHub Security Advisories](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/security-advisories/working-with-repository-security-advisories/about-repository-security-advisories) to discuss of the vulnerability and fixes. We'll create a public CVE advisory through GitHub if applicable.

Commit message:

chore(SECURITY): update steps to report

SECURITY.md, after:

# Security

We take security of this project seriously. If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in this repository, please report it to us as described below.

## Reporting Security Issues

Please do not report security vulnerabilities through GitHub issues.

Instead, report them using GitHub Security Advisories. You can do this by going to the "Security" tab of the repository and clicking on the "Report a vulnerability" button.
You should receive a response within 48 hours. If for some reason you do not, please follow up via email to ensure we received your original message.

Please include the information listed below (as much as you can provide) to help us understand the issue:

- Type of issue (e.g. signature collision, private information in public key, etc.)
- Impact of the issue (e.g. how an attacker might exploit the vulnerability)
- The location of the vulnerable source code
- Step-by-step instructions to reproduce the issue
- Environment details (e.g. device, OS, JS runtime, etc.)
- Proof-of-concept (if possible)

## Policy

We use [GitHub Security Advisories](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/security-advisories/working-with-repository-security-advisories/about-repository-security-advisories) to discuss of the vulnerability and fixes. We'll create a public CVE advisory through GitHub if applicable.
